PivotGrid: add Export section (#7027)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/PivotGrid/090 Export/05 Install Dependencies.md

---
##### jQuery

    <!-- tab: index.html -->
    <html>
        <head>
            <!-- ... -->
            <script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/babel-polyfill/7.4.0/polyfill.min.js"></script>
            <script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/exceljs/4.4.0/exceljs.min.js"></script>
            <script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/FileSaver.js/2.0.2/FileSaver.min.js"></script>

            <!-- DevExtreme scripts are referenced here -->
            <!-- ... -->
        </head>
    </html>

##### Angular

    <!-- tab: Installation command -->
    npm install --save exceljs file-saver

    <!-- tab: tsconfig.app.json -->
    {
        // ...
        "compilerOptions": {
            // ...
            "paths": {
                // ...
                "exceljs": [
                    "node_modules/exceljs/dist/exceljs.min.js"
                ]
            }
        },
        // ...
    }

##### Vue

    <!-- tab: Installation command -->
    npm install --save exceljs file-saver

##### React

    <!-- tab: Installation command -->
    npm install --save exceljs file-saver

---

> [important] To learn about potential vulnerabilities when using an older ExcelJS version and applying [CSP rules](/Documentation/Guide/Common/Security_Considerations/#Content_Security_Policy), refer to the [ExcelJS CSP Treats](/Documentation/Guide/Common/Security_Considerations/#Export_Vulnerabilities/ExcelJS_CSP_Threats) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[important] For details about potential vulnerabilities when using an older ExcelJS version and applying [CSP rules](/Documentation/Guide/Common/Security_Considerations/#Content_Security_Policy), refer to the [ExcelJS CSP Treats](/Documentation/Guide/Common/Security_Considerations/#Export_Vulnerabilities/ExcelJS_CSP_Threats) section.
```
